What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When you create a repository git creates a .git folder to keep track of all the changes that you make to your files in that folder.
This is created so you can attach everything you have in certain folder to git, if you dont initialize a repository you wont be able to commit it.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
Since the working directory is where you have your files in the computer, and the repository is just a folder/project of how you want to call it, that git just keep track of, we could say that the staging area is just something that you tell it, hey, i want to commit, this and this, aand this, but wait until my confirmation.
The staging area allows you to i dont know maybe regret a commit or rethink it before you do it.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
If you check what is going to be commit with git status before actually running the git commit code, you can check which files are going to be commited, this way you can
avoid commiting 2 files at once that should be commited one by one.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
One example would be, when you want to fix a bug that you know that may ruin your code, or want to create a different language version of the file.
By creating a new branch you can be sure that your original code wont mess up and you will be able to work with confidence.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
If you make a diagram you will know where or when you created a new branch, allowing you to understand which code was or was not included in the different branches that you may have created.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
The result is that the 2 different versions that were created of the file, with likely combine to make 1 file of all the change that were made and it will include all changes that were made in both files.
It is represented the way you do, because when you merge 2 files, it becomes 1, and i think that it is the best way to represent the merging process.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Pros of automatic
Easy and fast, you dont have to deal with merging the code your self, because git do it for you.
Cons of automatic
You might not be quite sure of what git is merging.

Pros of manual
You know exactly what you merge, and how
Cons of manual
It's time consuming
