When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    If I am working in several computers, committing it to git hub would be useful to keep all my computer's 
    work up to date.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Because not always my work will be actually what i want, what if i change my mind and want to delete the file i just made? or the changes... is better if i do it manually so i know exactly what i have.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks are just copies of an existing repository in github, it is usually from another person
    Clones allows you too take one repository from github or your computer and copy it to either of then
    Branches are just a way to make changes in your files in a different timeline (we could say it like that) 
    allowing you to avoid messing up with your original files in the main timeline.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    That you can modify the file as you wish, and if it works as you want it too, you can push it to git hub to share it or wherever

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    In the way i think about it, i would try to make my partner work in a different part of the project so we dont get all messed up. I think that everything would be more difficult cause we would have to do all the merge and check manually.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    When im working in a different part of the job im working on, or when im trying to fix a bug i may have made by mistake.
    The benefist of using a branch is that if you fail or make a mistake by solving a problem or trying to add a new feature, you will be able to stay in your main work without affecting it.
    The benefist of not using a branch is that if you success you wont have to do the process of merging and that would save sometime, but if you are going to do something new or make some test is way better to cover your back by making a new branch.
